To be able to apply a search algorithm,
the configuration space must be reduced to
a finite size that an algorithm can traverse in a reasonable amount of time,
as a searches for a path from the start to the goal.
This reduction in size can be accomplished by discretization.
Discretization is the process of breaking down a continuous entity,
in this case a configuration space into discrete segments.
There are different methods that can be applied to discretize a continuous space.
In the next few concepts,
you will learn about three different methods of discretization.
They are called roadmap,
cell decomposition, and gradient fields.
Each has its own advantages and disadvantages
balancing trade-offs such as time and the level of detail.
Once you're equipped with that knowledge,
you will dive into graph search which can be applied
to find a path from a start node to the goal node.